So in the previous lecture I had created a service, and in the service I have defined the task.
So let me click on View Service.
And here you can see 4 tasks are running and these are the number of tasks and details.
So this is my service.
So let me click on this cluster.
And this is a service.
And here you can see the desired task, which is showing 4 and running task is also 4 and under
task.
You will see 4 tasks are running and here you can see and ECS instances.
So 2 instances are running and coming back to my this PPT.
So 2 container of nginx web application is running on this instance and 2 container are running on another
instance.
And click on this target group and let me click on this target group.
So refresh it.
So here you can see it has created one target group and click on Load Balancer.
This is my load balancer and under this listener you can see that it has created one listener on port
number 80.
So if a request is coming to this application load balancer, if it is on 80 port, it is going to distribute
the traffic to the target group.
So what all the targets we have in this target group?
Let's see.
So let me select the target group.
And under this target, you can see it is providing you all the targets.
Now here you can see it has chosen randomly the ports 49153, 49154 and the same port for another instance
as well.
So coming back to this PPT.
So 2 ports it has taken for my host number 0 suppose this is my host number 0 and this is host
number 1.
So 2 port 49153 and 49154 has been mapped to these 2 containers and same port has been mapped for
another instance and container which is running on that instance.
And scroll down and you can see the status it is showing.
Healthy.
So why it is showing healthy?
Let me show you.
So coming back here and let me select any of my instance and click on this security group.
And this is my security group.
In the security group.
I have added all the required ports.
Now you can see 49154, 49 every port I have defined.
So what you can do?
Let me remove all these ports.
You can do one thing.
You can take all TCP IP for practice purpose.
You just take all TCP IP and here you just choose the security group which we have selected for the
application load balance.
So this is the security group we have given to the application load balancer.
So if you are not doing these changes in the security group, your instances, your targets, your targets
would be unhealthy, right?
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I'm going to show you a few more important aspects of this ECS cluster.